Add a new page with guidance on how to write UI/e2e tests for a Teams application (#1038)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: docs/automated-testing/ui-testing/teams-tests.md

> # UI Tests for a Teams application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Automated UI Tests for a Teams application
```

- First, using for example [Teams Toolkit](https://github.com/OfficeDev/TeamsFx), package your app based on the [manifest.json](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema). See below an example on how to achieve that:
```javascript
npx teamsfx package --env dev --manifest-path ...
```
 - Then, implement an automated step which [uploads your custom app](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/concepts/deploy-and-publish/apps-upload) into the Teams' of for your test user. 
```{note}
The packaging of your app could be done automatically in a pipeline and the output (Zipped file) could be downloaded as part of your UI tests execution.
```
If you would like to test the production version of your app which was already published in the store you would first need to automate the installation of the app from Teams' store for your test user.

> Once the app was installed, implement selectors to [access your custom app](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/concepts/deploy-and-publish/apps-upload#access-your-app) and to perform various actions within the app. 

Author: That's right. I added the provided link for reference. Thank you!

> # Automated UI Tests for a Teams application

Reviewer 2: Is the images self generated?

Author: yeah, they are self generated

> # Automated UI Tests for a Teams application

Reviewer 2: Please notice these added words are causing the linter to break:
Unknown word (teamsfx)    

Unknown word (XVFB)       

Unknown word (framebuffer) 

Unknown word (Xvfb)        

Unknown word (XVFB)        

Unknown word (Xvfb)        

Unknown word (inprivate)   

Unknown word (Automator)   

Unknown word (Playstore)   

Unknown word (Automator)   

Unknown word (Automator)   

Unknown word (avds)        

Unknown word (runing)      

Unknown word (Automator)   

Unknown word (Automator)   

Unknown word (printscren)  

Unknown word (webdriverio) 

Unknown word (wdio)

Can you please add those to the .cspell?

## Overview

In this section we will provide an overview on how one could implement UI tests for a custom Teams application.
Generally, to ensure a great experience for your end users, you would like to implement automated test which covers your features both in a browser as well as on mobile platforms. 

General observations:
- Testing in a web browser is easier than on a native app.
- Testing a Teams app on a mobile device in an automated way is more challenging due to the fact that you are testing an app within an app:
    - There is no Android Application Package (APK) / iOS App Store Package (IPA) publicly available for Microsoft Teams app itself. 
    - Mobile testing frameworks are designed with the assumption that you own the APK/IPA of the app under test.
    - Workarounds need to be found to first automate the installation of Teams. 
- Should you choose working with emulators, testing in a local Windows box is more stable than in a CI/CD. The latter involves a CI/CD agent and an emulator in a VM.

The following are learnings from various engagements

## Web based UI tests 

> To implement web-based UI tests for your Teams application, you can follow the same approach as for testing any other web application with a UI. [UI testing](./README.md) provides good guidance on that. The starting point for your test would be to launch a browser in an automated way (using Selenium, or similar frameworks) and go to [https://teams.microsoft.com/](https://teams.microsoft.com/). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To implement web-based UI tests for your Teams application, you can follow the same approach as for testing any other web application with a UI. [UI testing](README.md) provides good guidance on that. The starting point for your test would be to launch a browser in an automated way (using Selenium, or similar frameworks) and go to [https://teams.microsoft.com/](https://teams.microsoft.com/). 
```

If you would like to test a Teams app which was not yet published into the Teams' store, or if you would like to test the DEV/QA version of your app:
- Using for example [Teams Toolkit](https://github.com/OfficeDev/TeamsFx), package your app based on the [manifest.json](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema). See below an example on how to achieve that:

> ```javascript
> npx teamsfx package --env dev --manifest-path ...
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```javascript
npx teamsfx package --env dev --manifest-path ...
```
```

Reviewer 2: I am not sure it got my suggestion to add ``` at the end of the block as it currently doesn't exist.

Author: Thanks! Resolved

    1. Choose a System image from the **Recommended** tab which includes access to Google Play services. You may need to install it before selecting it.
    1. Start the emulator by clicking on the Run button from the Device Manage screen.
    1. Manually install Microsoft Teams from Google Playstore on the device. 

####  Setting up Appium
- Install `appium`:
    1. Download NodeJs, if it is not already installed on your machine: [Download | Node.js (nodejs.org)](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
    1. Install Appium globally: [Install Appium - Appium Documentation](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.0/quickstart/install/)
    1. Install the UiAutomator2 driver: [Install the UiAutomator2 Driver - Appium Documentation](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.0/quickstart/uiauto2-driver/). Go through the `Set up Android automation requirements` in the documentation, to make sure you have set up everything correctly.

        > [Here](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.0/intro/drivers/) you can read more about Appium Drivers.
    1. Start appium server by running `appium` command in a command prompt.
####  Useful commands:

List emulators that you have previously created, without opening Android Studio:

> ```cli
> emulator -list-avds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```cli
emulator -list-avds
```
```

Reviewer 2: This is missing a closing ```

Author: Thanks! Resolved

- Operating system: Windows (Windows-10 Pro)
- VM generation: V1
- Size: Standard D4ds v5 16 GiB memory

### Enable connection from outside to Appium server on the VM 

> Note: By default appium server runs on port 4723. The rest of the steps will assume that this is the port where your appium server runs.

In order to be able to reach appium server which runs on the VM from outside:

1. Create an [Inbound Rule](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/operating-system-security/network-security/windows-firewall/create-an-inbound-port-rule) for port 4723 from within the VM.
1. Create an Inbound Security Rule in the NSG (Network Security Group) of the VM to be able to connect from that IP address to port 4723.
    - Find out the IP of the machine on which the tests will run on.
    - Replace the *Source IP Address* with the IP of your machine.

### Installing Android Studio and create AVD inside the VM

1. Follow the instructions from steps a) and b) in **How to run mobile end to end tests on a Windows machine** section above.
1. When you launch the emulator, it may show a warning as below and will eventually crash:

>     ![failure](./images/warning.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ![failure](images/warning.png)
```

Author: Thanks! Resolved

    ```
    appium --allow-cors
    ```
2. Go to https://inspector.appiumpro.com and type in the following properties:
    ```json
    {
    "appium:deviceName": "your-emulator-name",
    "appium:appPackage": "com.microsoft.teams",
    "appium:appActivity": "com.microsoft.skype.teams.Launcher",
    "appium:automationName": "UiAutomator2",
    "platformName": "Android"
    }
    ```

    1. "appium:deviceName" - is the name of your emulator. In **Useful commands** sections from above, you can see how to get the name of your AVD.
    1. "appium:appPackage" - is the name of the package, should be kept to "**com.microsoft.teams**".
    1. "appium:appActivity"-  is the name of the activity in the app that you want to launch, should be kept to "**com.microsoft.skype.teams.Launcher**"
    1. "appium:automationName" - is the name of the driver you are using, in this case, "**UiAutomator2**"

    If the appium server runs on your local machine at the default portal, then Remote Host and Remote Port can be kept to the default values.

    The configuration should look similar to the printscren below:

>     ![appium-inspector](./images/appium-inspector.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ![appium-inspector](images/appium-inspector.png)
```

Author: Thanks! Resolved

3. Press on **Start Session**.
    - In the browser, you should see a similar view as below:

>     ![teams-appium-inspector](./images/teams-appium-inspector.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ![teams-appium-inspector](images/teams-appium-inspector.png)
```

Author: Thanks! Resolved

        "appium:automationName": "the-name-of-the-driver",
      },
    };

    // Create a new WebDriverIO instance with the Appium server URL and capabilities
    await wdio.remote(opts);
```

1. "port": the port on which the Appium server runs on. By default, it is 4723.
1. "hostname": the IP of the machine where the Appium sever runs on. If it is running locally, that is 127.0.0.1. If it runs in an Azure VM, it would be the public IP address of the VM. Note: ensure you have followed the steps from **2. Enable connection from outside to Appium server on the VM**.
1. "platformName": Appium can be used to connect to different platforms (Windows, iOS, Android). In our case, it would be "android".
1. "appium:deviceName": the name of the Android Virtual Device. See **Useful commands** on how to find the name of the device.
1. "appium:appPackage": the name of the app's package that you would like to launch. Teams' package name is "com.microsoft.teams".
1. "appium:appActivity": the activity within Teams that you would like to launch on the device. In our case, we would like just to launch the app. The activity name for launching Teams is called "com.microsoft.skype.teams.Launcher".

> 1. "appium:automationName": the name of the driver you are using. Note: Appium can communicate to different platforms. This is achieved by installing a dedicated driver, designed for each platform. In our case, it would be [UiAutomator2](https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver) or [Espresso](https://github.com/appium/appium-espresso-driver), since they are both designed for Android platform. 

Reviewer 2: Is this text taken from somewhere or is it self originated?

Author: @shirar thanks for reviewing it! It is self originated

```javascript
var { Builder } = require("selenium-webdriver");
const edge = require("selenium-webdriver/edge");

var buildEdgeDriver = function () {
  let builder = new Builder().forBrowser("MicrosoftEdge");
  builder = builder.usingServer("http://selenium:4444/wd/hub"); 
  builder.setEdgeOptions(new edge.Options().addArguments("--inprivate"));
  return builder.build();
};
```

## Mobile based UI tests
Testing your custom Teams application on mobile devices is not as straight forward as for the web-based approach due to its challenging setup.
Naturally, it implies the usage of actual devices which is generally more complex. Especially running such tests in a CI/CD pipeline can be more difficult and resource-intensive. 

One approach is to use real devices or cloud-based emulators from vendors such as [BrowserStack](https://www.browserstack.com/). This requires a license to such vendors. Alternatively, you could use virtual devices hosted in Azure Virtual Machines. 

In what follows, we will provide guidance on how to achieve both. 

<!-- There are two proven ways through which this can still be achieved for Android, based on previous experience with our customers: -->

> ### 1. Using Android Virtual Devices

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Using Android Virtual Devices
```

    - Appium implements a client-server architecture:
        - The server (consisting of Appium itself along with any drivers or plugins you are using for automation) is connected to the devices under test, and is actually responsible for making automation happen on those devices. [UiAutomator](https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver) driver is compatible with Android platform.
        - The [client](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.0/intro/clients/) is responsible for sending commands to the server over the network, and receiving responses from the server as a result. You can choose the language of your choice to write the commands. For example, for Javascript [WebDriverIO](https://webdriver.io/) can be used as client.
        > [Here](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.0/ecosystem/) you can read more about Appium ecosystem
      - The advantage of this architecture is that it opens the possibility of running the server in a VM, and the client in a pipeline, enabling the tests to be ran automatically on scheduled basis as part of CI/CD pipelines. 

> ### How to run mobile test locally on a Windows machine 
> In order to run locally such tests, you need two things:
> 1. An emulator ([AVD - Android Virtual Devices](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds)), which will represent the physical device.
> 1. [Appium server](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.1/), which will redirect the commands from the test to your virtual device.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Running mobile test locally on a Windows machine 

This requires:

- An emulator ([AVD - Android Virtual Devices](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds)), which will represent the physical device.
- [Appium server](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.1/), which will redirect the commands from the test to your virtual device.
```

> #### a) Steps to create Android Virtual Device:
> 1. Install Android Studio from [official link](https://developer.android.com/studio). 
>     > Note: At the time of writing the documentation, the latest version available was Android Studio Giraffe, 2022.3.1 Patch 2 for Window.
>     1. Set ANDROID_HOME environment variable to point to the installation path of Android SDK. i.e. ` C:Users\<user-name>\AppData\Local\Android\Sdk`
> 1. Install Java Development Kit (JDK) from [official link](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/jdk11-archive-downloads.html). For the most recent devices JDK 9 is required, otherwise JDK 8 is required. Make sure you get the JDK and not the JRE.
>     1. Set JAVA_HOME environment variable to the installation path, i.e. ` C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-11`
> 1. Create an AVD (Android Virtual Device):
>     1. Open Android Studio. From the Android Studio welcome screen, select **More Action -> Virtual Device Manager**, as instructed [here](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds#:~:text=1%20Open%20the%20AVD%20Manager%20by%20clicking%20Tools,%20settings%2C%20such%20as%20the%20skin.%20See%20More.)
>     1. Click **Create Device**.
>     1. Choose a device definition with **Play Store** enabled. This is important, otherwise Teams cannot be installed on the device.
>     1. Choose a System image from the **Recommended** tab which includes access to Google Play services. You may need to install it before selecting it.
>     1. Start the emulator by clicking on the Run button from the Device Manage screen.
>     1. Manually install Microsoft Teams from Google Playstore on the device. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Creating an Android Virtual Device:

1. Install Android Studio from [official link](https://developer.android.com/studio). 
    > Note: At the time of writing the documentation, the latest version available was Android Studio Giraffe, 2022.3.1 Patch 2 for Window.
    1. Set ANDROID_HOME environment variable to point to the installation path of Android SDK. i.e. ` C:Users\<user-name>\AppData\Local\Android\Sdk`
1. Install Java Development Kit (JDK) from [official link](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/jdk11-archive-downloads.html). For the most recent devices JDK 9 is required, otherwise JDK 8 is required. Make sure you get the JDK and not the JRE.
    1. Set JAVA_HOME environment variable to the installation path, i.e. ` C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-11`
1. Create an AVD (Android Virtual Device):
    1. Open Android Studio. From the Android Studio welcome screen, select **More Action -> Virtual Device Manager**, as instructed [here](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds#:~:text=1%20Open%20the%20AVD%20Manager%20by%20clicking%20Tools,%20settings%2C%20such%20as%20the%20skin.%20See%20More.)
    1. Click **Create Device**.
    1. Choose a device definition with **Play Store** enabled. This is important, otherwise Teams cannot be installed on the device.
    1. Choose a System image from the **Recommended** tab which includes access to Google Play services. You may need to install it before selecting it.
    1. Start the emulator by clicking on the Run button from the Device Manage screen.
    1. Manually install Microsoft Teams from Google Playstore on the device. 
```

> ####  b) Steps to set up Appium
> - Install `appium`:
>     1. Download NodeJs, if it is not already installed on your machine: [Download | Node.js (nodejs.org)](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
>     1. Install Appium globally: [Install Appium - Appium Documentation](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.0/quickstart/install/)
>     1. Install the UiAutomator2 driver: [Install the UiAutomator2 Driver - Appium Documentation](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.0/quickstart/uiauto2-driver/). Go through the `Set up Android automation requirements` in the documentation, to make sure you have set up everything correctly.
> 
>         > [Here](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.0/intro/drivers/) you can read more about Appium Drivers.
>     1. Start appium server by running `appium` command in a command prompt.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
####  Setting up Appium
- Install `appium`:
    1. Download NodeJs, if it is not already installed on your machine: [Download | Node.js (nodejs.org)](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
    1. Install Appium globally: [Install Appium - Appium Documentation](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.0/quickstart/install/)
    1. Install the UiAutomator2 driver: [Install the UiAutomator2 Driver - Appium Documentation](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.0/quickstart/uiauto2-driver/). Go through the `Set up Android automation requirements` in the documentation, to make sure you have set up everything correctly.

        > [Here](https://appium.io/docs/en/2.0/intro/drivers/) you can read more about Appium Drivers.
    1. Start appium server by running `appium` command in a command prompt.
```

> ####  Useful commands:
> - To list the emulators that you have previously created, without opening Android Studio:
>     ```cli
>     emulator -list-avds
>     ```
> - To start an emulator, without opening Android Studio:
>     ```cli
>     emulator -avd {name-of-emulator}
>     ```
> - To get the name of your AVD, assuming your emulator is running, you can run:
>     
>     ```cli
>     adb devices
>     ```
>     You should see a response with *List of devices attached*, where your running device will be listed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
####  Useful commands:

List emulators that you have previously created, without opening Android Studio:

```cli
emulator -list-avds
```

Start an emulator, without opening Android Studio:
    
```cli
emulator -avd {name-of-emulator}
```

Get the name of your AVD, assuming your emulator is running, you can run:
    
```cli
adb devices
```

You should see the response *List of devices attached*, where your running device will be listed.
```

> ### How to set up an Azure VM for running mobile tests in a pipeline

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Setting up an Azure VM for running mobile tests in a pipeline
```

> ### 1. VM configuration
> This approach essentially hosts a virtual device in a virtual machine. In order to be able to set up the emulator (Android Virtual Device) in an Azure VM, the VM should support [nested virtualization](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/nested-virtualization-in-azure/). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Configure the VM

This approach essentially hosts a virtual device in a virtual machine. In order to be able to set up the emulator (Android Virtual Device) in an Azure VM, the VM should support [nested virtualization](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/nested-virtualization-in-azure/). 
```

Azure VM configuration which, at the time of writing the documentation, worked successfully with AVD and appium:
- Operating system: Windows (Windows-10 Pro)
- VM generation: V1
- Size: Standard D4ds v5 16 GiB memory

> ### 2. Enable connection from outside to Appium server on the VM 
> > Note: By default appium server runs on port 4723. The rest of the steps will assume that this is the port where your appium server runs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Enable connection from outside to Appium server on the VM 

> Note: By default appium server runs on port 4723. The rest of the steps will assume that this is the port where your appium server runs.
```

> In order to be able to reach appium server which runs on the VM from outside, the following steps are needed:
> 1. Create an [Inbound Rule](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/operating-system-security/network-security/windows-firewall/create-an-inbound-port-rule) for port 4723 from within the VM.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to be able to reach appium server which runs on the VM from outside:

1. Create an [Inbound Rule](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/operating-system-security/network-security/windows-firewall/create-an-inbound-port-rule) for port 4723 from within the VM.
```

1. Create an Inbound Security Rule in the NSG (Network Security Group) of the VM to be able to connect from that IP address to port 4723.
    - Find out the IP of the machine on which the tests will run on.
    - Replace the *Source IP Address* with the IP of your machine.

> ### 3. Install Android Studio and create AVD inside the VM
> 1. Follow the instructions from steps a) and b) in **How to run mobile end to end tests on a Windows machine** section above.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Installing Android Studio and create AVD inside the VM

1. Follow the instructions from steps a) and b) in **How to run mobile end to end tests on a Windows machine** section above.
```
```suggestion
### 3. Install Android Studio and create AVD inside the VM
1. Follow the instructions from steps a) and b) in **How to run mobile end to end tests on a Windows machine** section above.
```
```suggestion
### Install Android Studio and create AVD inside the VM

1. Follow the instructions from steps a) and b) in **How to run mobile end to end tests on a Windows machine** section above.
```

Reviewer 3: NOTE: This section does not exist above... Point to the correct section and link with the #link

1. When you launch the emulator, it may show a warning as below and will eventually crash:

    ![failure](./images/warning.png)

    Solution to fix it: 
    1. [Enable Windows Hypervisor Platform](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/hyper-v-android-emulator-support/)
    1. [Enable Hyper-V](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/hyper-v-on-windows/quick-start/enable-hyper-v#enable-the-hyper-v-role-through-settings) (if not enabled by default)
1. Restart the VM.
1. Restart the AVD.

> ### How to inspect the Teams app in Azure Virtual Device (AVD)
> Inspecting the app is very useful as you write new tests, as it allows you to find the ID of different elements displayed on the screen - similar to DevTools, which allows you to navigate through the DOM of a web page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Inspecting the Teams app in Azure Virtual Device (AVD)

Inspecting the app is very useful as you write new tests, as it allows you to find the ID of different elements displayed on the screen - similar to DevTools, which allows you to navigate through the DOM of a web page.
```

[Appium Inspector](https://inspector.appiumpro.com/) is a very useful tool that allows you to inspect an app runing on an emulator.

> Note: This section assumes that you have already performed the prerequisites from **How to run mobile end to end tests on a Windows machine**

> ### Steps to inspect Teams app:
> 1. Run the appium server with [--alow-cors flag](https://appium.readthedocs.io/en/latest/en/writing-running-appium/server-args/) by running the following command in a terminal:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Inspect the Teams app:

1. Run the appium server with [--alow-cors flag](https://appium.readthedocs.io/en/latest/en/writing-running-appium/server-args/) by running the following command in a terminal:
```

    1. "appium:appPackage" - is the name of the package, should be kept to "**com.microsoft.teams**".
    1. "appium:appActivity"-  is the name of the activity in the app that you want to launch, should be kept to "**com.microsoft.skype.teams.Launcher**"
    1. "appium:automationName" - is the name of the driver you are using, in this case, "**UiAutomator2**"

    If the appium server runs on your local machine at the default portal, then Remote Host and Remote Port can be kept to the default values.

    The configuration should look similar to the printscren below:
    ![appium-inspector](./images/appium-inspector.png)
3. Press on **Start Session**.
    - In the browser, you should see a similar view as below:
    ![teams-appium-inspector](./images/teams-appium-inspector.png)
    - You can do any action on the emulator, and if you press on the "Refresh" button in the browser, the left hand side of the Appium Inspector will reflect your app. In the **App Source** you will be able to see the IDs of the elements, so you can write relevant selectors in your tests. 

> #### How to connect to Appium server
> We will provide an example on how to achieve this using JavaScript. Similar approach can be followed for other languages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Connecting to Appium server

Below is how this can be accomplished with JavaScript. A similar approach can be followed for other languages.
```

1. "platformName": Appium can be used to connect to different platforms (Windows, iOS, Android). In our case, it would be "android".
1. "appium:deviceName": the name of the Android Virtual Device. See **Useful commands** on how to find the name of the device.
1. "appium:appPackage": the name of the app's package that you would like to launch. Teams' package name is "com.microsoft.teams".
1. "appium:appActivity": the activity within Teams that you would like to launch on the device. In our case, we would like just to launch the app. The activity name for launching Teams is called "com.microsoft.skype.teams.Launcher".
1. "appium:automationName": the name of the driver you are using. Note: Appium can communicate to different platforms. This is achieved by installing a dedicated driver, designed for each platform. In our case, it would be [UiAutomator2](https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver) or [Espresso](https://github.com/appium/appium-espresso-driver), since they are both designed for Android platform. 

> ### 2. Using BrowserStack
> - BrowserStack does not support out of the box the installation of Teams from the App Store or Play Store. However, there is a workaround, described in [their documentation](https://www.browserstack.com/support/faq/app-automate/app/can-i-install-an-app-from-the-app-store-or-play-store). Therefore, if you choose to go this way, you would first need to implement a step that installs Teams on the cloud-based device, by implementing the workaround described above.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Using BrowserStack

- BrowserStack does not support out of the box the installation of Teams from the App Store or Play Store. However, there is a workaround, described in [their documentation](https://www.browserstack.com/support/faq/app-automate/app/can-i-install-an-app-from-the-app-store-or-play-store). Therefore, if you choose to go this way, you would first need to implement a step that installs Teams on the cloud-based device, by implementing the workaround described above.
```
